Yes, that's him.
He hit my man first
New face you new here
So what?
On an island 30 miles away
There is a special mysterious park
There were a lot of women living there.
Therefore, it is also called the daughter country by outsiders
What does this have to do with this scumbag?
South East Asia's number one criminal Lu Hao disappeared three years later
Someone saw him again
So you want me to investigate him?
No way, after all, there are women there
It's not easy for us the police to intervene
And the people in there are not easy to contact
Is there any secret?
You'll know when the time is right.
Anyway, you have to be careful on this mission
First and foremost, protect your own safety
Notify me as soon as you find evidence
Liu Bingbing, are you sure you're not lying?
I'm sure it's him.
Well, since you both say you're right
I don't take sides
So let's play
Whoever wins, I will listen to whoever plays